as 2013 starts to wind down the last
minute Christmas packages start flying
around here like jorge flores here
heading out to California lots of things
half on the end of the year one of those
is resolutions for 2014 let's go check
out the JP staffers and see what they
have on their plate for 14 right here in
the warehouse is Jasper Jasper give any
motorcycle resolutions for 2014 yeah I'd
like to ride every month out of the year
having the beers that you have you could
basically ride naked be ok yourself just
a matter of taking care of the bike yeah
i think the bike will be all right do
you have any resolutions motorcycle
related for 2014 oh yeah I do actually
uh I've really put a lot into this mega
millions I hear the jackpot super high
right now and I know that when I win it
and I'm gonna be able to afford you know
two people wanted last night David we're
here in the Versailles Department these
guys are responsible for all the
products you see on the website and the
catalog is anything you see come through
JP cycles these guys are the ones that
bring it to you uh at first like the
displeasure express my displeasure with
Kurt files for shaving his beard he's
clean-shaven looks like a 14 year old
now Troy porn I don't interview last
year Troy you had just said you got the
a-ok to get a row fight how did that
resolution turn out for you last year
turned out good i bought a 2007 rogue
light and took my first road trip
stirrers on it
so this year what's your resolution this
year I want to put a SMS 106 inch kid in
it and a whole lot of miles more
horsepower for mr. quarter ecommerce
Mercer Jason Hayes gave resolutions on
your motorcycle this year keep putting
more miles on it my fiancé's recently
got her bike license so getting a bike
for her and getting her on two wheels as
my resolutions okay Paul Raymond Paul
continually doing stuff to his bike Paul
I know you uh wraps and tires last year
you get those tires do anything else I
did I get some I put some shinko tires
on my bike and what about this year you
know I know you've you know I've seen
you paint your bike to exhaust worked
pretty handy with it you got any plans
for the summer I'm gonna sell it here in
the James cycles marketing department
back here in this cave or these people
had chained to these desks and he leaned
out last year I remember your video you
said you were going to get a new
motorcycle so follow up on that I have
my license I took a course in March and
I've been writing all year on my own
nice so you have any plans for that that
new bike is here yes I have done almost
nothing to customize it so 2014 I really
want to start going at it and at least
see easy stuff the grips the pegs but
maybe exhaust so Celia so you work for
the largest supplier of Harley
motorcycle parts in the world but yet
you have a bone stock motorcycle
but I have a long shopping list all
right I was checking I think Jerry is
trying to hide it from it out there he
goes Jerry do you have any motorcycle
related resolutions for this coming year
I do actually my plan this year is to
actually buy a motorcycle and then fix
it up I'd like to get something used
movie and then Bob it out we're going to
catch up with a vice president general
manager of Jamie cycles this is a often
hunted beast that's hard to corner in
his natural environment I think we got
him we did geminii motorcycle related
resolutions for the new year oh well GMP
is our 35th anniversary so we're getting
a whole new fleet we're redoing a rogue
lied we bought a bolt and just got
customized that just about any new 14
Street Glide they're all gonna be
awesome to ride anything new going in
your garage about a dirt bike we're
going over all right dirt bikes next
year in the meantime while we're right
Street Baxter today director of
merchandising Lowell Anderson Lord you
have any motorcycle related resolutions
for this year yes this year I'll be
working with the Zach parham on how to
ride a dirt bike this year I I did work
with Patrick Garvin in previous years on
how to ride at her biking and that was a
dramatic failure
after cooking
Oh God your uh your wife told us you
have a motorcycle I have to actually got
any plans for those this year my 79
sportster is out in the garage here JP
one of my goals is to get that thing
fixed up to be running in that spitting
oil everywhere from the sounds of it
your wife's got big plans for her bike
she wants a new one she's gotten to it
last year we have it on vidiians bought
a brand new one yes she wants another
she wants a bigger one Amerika Amerika
yes nothing's ever good enough bigger
motorcycles for everybody if Josh
Schmidt was here he would tell you that
he's going to finish his kz650 cafe
racer just a hunch but I'm pretty sure
that's what he tell you well Jasper from
the warehouse is definitely not blowing
smoke here it is his steed here today on
this below freezing day in Iowa he's
definitely got his a month in for this
year and now you see when everybody else
is going to do in 2014 what are you
going to do to your motorcycle in 2014
me I think I'm gonna do some motorcycle
camping